# inspire.gofastforless.com
Inspire!: http://www.gofastforless.com relation->: https://www.ford-trucks.com/forums/251044-change-from-eec-iv-to-duraspark-ii.html#post1698115

# Site:
home: http://www.gofastforless.com/

## intro:
When I started this site back in 2001 I was broke. I had an old car that I was constantly working on and improving as inexpensively as possible. Then I got a great paying job and lost interest in driving old heaps, started playing with new motorcycles instead. My last new bike got stolen and the insurance company screwed me so I moved on to old [cheap] bikes. In the mean time I met the love of my life and now I'm doing the family thing. So again I'm broke and playing with old machines with plenty of room for improvement. There are a lot of parallels between bikes and cars. When I was playing with old cars I was constantly frustrated with the poor "How to" articles in magazines. They were often nothing more than "What to buy" articles giving inaccurate, little, or just plain no technical information. Motorcycle magazines are even worse. About all you see is an air filter and muffler swap or cosmetic goodies stuck on. Magazines make their money with advertising. Advertisers don't waste money on magazines that promote low buck hands on solutions because the guys who read them generally don't have money to buy the advertisers goods. That is why magazines are geared towards the spending-money-makes-my-vehicle-better crowd. All is not lost though because of this technological revolution known as the Internet [greatest invention since the printing press] I can bring this site to you free of charge and without advertisements.
  This site is based on my opinions and experience. The original plan was to make the site all about cheap tricks to improve time slips but it turned into more of a technical reference. The bulk of the pages talk about ignition systems because that’s what I have the most experience with, and that seems to be the least understood topic. This site is not a comprehensive step-by-step guide for building up your machine. If I work through a project and have trouble finding good information then I try to get it up on the site so the next guy won’t have to reinvent the wheel. There is much more I would like to write about but it takes a considerable amount of time to put these pages together. Quite frankly, I’d rather be out in the garage building something so I apologize that there aren’t more updates to the site.
  On the other hand, I don’t want to be responsible for adding to the growing “Internet Expert” epidemic. You know, the guys who mindlessly repeat stuff they have read on some web page or message board as though they actually know what they are talking about. Reading about someone else’s experiences will not make you an expert. If you really want to learn something then pick up a wrench, go out in the garage and get to work. There is no better teacher than experience. Figure out how things work and find out for yourself how to make them better. When someone tells you, "This is the best way to do it," all they are saying is, "This is the best way it's been done yet." Chances are there is still a better way to do it and if you’re the one to figure it out then you have an advantage.

If you have any questions or comments please e-mail me at mrriggs@gofastforless.com. Feel free to download and use anything you see on my site. The navigation menu to the left uses javascript, if it doesn't work for you then you must use the loser index.
